fix(TCO): missing ticket_tco field in table object (#397)
pluginsGLPI/genericobject: CHANGELOG.md

### Fixed

> - Fix: The costs associated with an item updates the TCO calculation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The `TCO` (Total Cost of Ownership) is now correctly updated based on the costs associated with an item.
```
